[API Execution Metrics] Added Error Types To The Main Widget (#34676)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonDashboards/ReleaseNotes/1_6_0.md

#### Dashboards

##### API Execution Metrics

> Added error types to the metrics in the **Successful vs. Rate Limited API Calls by Integration** widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added error types to the metrics in the **API Call Status By Integration** widget.
```
